Time: 13:00 - 13:45
Introduction meeting with Jacob Thorsell from AcobiaFLUX where we went over the details of the project. They had a control system where the heating
turned on when the temperature went below 21degrees C and turned off when it got to 23.5 degrees C. They thought maybe we could look at their dataset
and predict how they should enable the different variables in heating the facility so that it stays around 22.5 degrees without spikes.


18:25 - 
They sent dataset in norweigan that I translated to english so that it would be easier to work with and other people in the future could look at it 
with ease. Then i watched sentdex Data Analysis tutorials "https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDc-3szzjeP6N6b0aDrrKyL-" to get a better
understanding of how to visulize the data.

What I learned...
- Use python instead of excel because excel is very slow especielly when the files get bigger and you need to do simple calculations. 
- How about using C instead? Python is just a wrapper around C and since pandas use numpy that use c you will get about the same speed. Any python simpler :)
- How to visualize pandas datasets with matplotlib and make interactive graphs. 

Result:
Made 3 different graphs of control signals, temperature and Air pressure to get an overview of the data we work with. 


Conclusion of overview of graphs:
1. There is one part where they put the heat control signal very high. This resulted in the temperature never shifted to warming the water and 
therefore the water temp. This might mean that I have to remove that part for the neural network to get good data. 

2. First i thought that maybe the water temperature shouldn't change and instead change how much wind generatred to increase the heat and have the
water temperature in the pipes stay the same. But after thinking i doubt it will work like that. What i need is data to see how an increase in
wind speed affect the temperature and how increase of the water temp affect the temperature.

3. Kanske fråga pappa om hur värmen förändrar om det är vatten temperaturen som spelar störst roll eller hur mycket det blåser. Tänker att vatten-temp
känns som det mest logiska.

4. Alltås det man kan se är att vid 12000 sänks kontroll signalen och temperaturen ökar.